Good day tourist with you
tournament bayannyh locations the salon got
on the map of you field as you can see the bottom
list and what's sad about the enemy
there are very serious players very
high stat at at15 high start 13
75 and a good t-34 as you see
spar juice 15 34 water 15 understand why
and t-34 but because it is his contact
if he is expected to play by
2 3 less we sunni tower then it can
drag fight his art should foxit
necessarily
At15 is expected in the city of 4
lines so we won't go to the second
also not going as t-34 and at15 too
can rumpled bum this is dangerous
the gun just won't go here on the fifth
the sixth is rather the fifth problem here in
that enemy trenches are expected here
miss 5 in tone with high probability
percent 8 sharper succeed as
normal skilovye players from serious
from the compartment will play to the card through the center
occupy these houses ride here
so I stand after time see got up in
the club ask the luminaries and actually right now I 'm waiting
I am afraid of him and I am preparing to run away myself
the other side of the card if he suddenly
I am 300 honestly country to see more
since he is not going
I am waiting for you diligently
Apparently he would not have appeared long ago
Basically, since I have a blank check, he
I decided to give it is impossible to play here
can I fully get the advantage
this position here is the 5th line at the muscles
is that 4 line cord usually
served and each other and now with this
sides to the right through the right side of the city
it is usually possible to find them and
shoot while not distracted as
now i was doing
because once everything turns out not always but
chances are high if you get out
tester step and dismounted and either was not
either you killed them then 70 percent what you
be able to calm down
see at is-3 large delena and had time
I shoot strand Azadi
actually it costs what it
battlefield he will clearly fall with nko
and screed as we see not played
Chinese opponent did not reach
rise his charge was down below
he was unlucky he could go through
center they are so he is too cautious
trance 7 out of five another book we see
on Zelenka beats
35 simply did not play on either show
any kind of weird with so much
so do not play the little son gave a ride or
account sold
wander okay this bird food
other flank so how to play right
dangerous there is a Chinese ambush and plus sts and
haircuts about the case I 'm not going to throw
to do with these comrades honestly
saying you're 15 too for all the money but not for
all the money really see killed the guy so
do not play do n't know maybe either
something he was not lucky or favor
did we boot something like that happened
well, or just can't play pawn
especially so far heavy and fat
of course on the way it was necessary to steal
4 money at once closer to the city
get behind the house and there is severe home
our heavy
that's sitting on 3 to 2 on the fact
just about anything
you just need a tank and you need it with
the tower , the shells of honest peace is just a loss
of time
the enemy may not stick out may not
we are not obliged to climb, plus
just highlight
and there will be a cinema march visibility potter
4 and the right thing to do is actually
how is it really paise not even
for statistics namely for his tower
and catch on the boat
in principle, the department looked dedicated
a little bit
and now I'm going as far as there
a bit of the enemy here is nobody else
No actually the Chinese are vegetables on
semi really i'm going away going round
disassemble them at15
in fact, now will get cognizes
so put your mistakes in that
the signal is too passive did not kill us
while we were tyazh in the city and
accordingly, it will now be disassembled with
different sides
so you can see the wallpaper decided not that
that not only the fact that I was there some
The letters of the position held although in principle
I took kika positions allowed for movement
expected the enemy
supposed them to act preparing for them
and not even apt shooting though
Basically something fisher shot
decided to be very strong
enemy players just did not play because
I write 375 really that bill for all day
sits and this green stuff well, nothing at all
more able to play just too
passive position
he shoots me might even kill
frankly, this is nothing
rallies will drag
it is necessary to drag while it is hot the screen than
Now it is possible to find dotting
will succeed
grieve succeeds
study and comes to an end thanks for
attention successful battles you especially good luck
tournament participants